Stagram Privacy Policy

1. Introduction

 It is our goal to provide you with information that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, respect your privacy.
 Please read this Policy carefully. Your access to or use of any part of the Services will constitute your notice about our collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not wish for us to collect, use, and disclose your information in accordance with this Policy, please do not access or use the Services.
 This Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Services and does not apply to any third-party activities, including third-party websites linked from our Services, third-party social networking platforms or features we make available through our Services, or third-party ads displayed on our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of those third parties.

 2. The Information We Collect

 We receive and retain basic information about you when you use your Instagram account to log into the Services. We may receive and retain demographic information about you through a social sign-on. We may also collect personal information from you in other ways, such as through contacts you may make with our customer support team.

 3. How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect for internal and service-related purposes, such as to provide, improve, and personalize our Services, and to develop new ones.

4. How We Share Your Information

While we will not knowingly share your information beyond any authorized disclosures, our Policy does not cover any other third parties, their products, actions, or their services. We cannot control how third parties collect, use, or secure your data. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult their privacy policies.

In certain situations, businesses or third-party websites we're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service

5. Public Profile

We may collect and store information made publicly available in your Instagram profile.

6. Compelled Disclosure

We may access, preserve, and disclose collected information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect your, our, or others ​rights, property, or safety.

7. How Your Information Is Protected

We maintain data handling and storage practices and procedures that are designed to promote the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

8. What Choices Are Available To You On Our Service

You may choose to de-authorize your Repost App account through your Instagram account settings. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you update or delete it but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
